Pappy's Preconfigs

A long time ago, I ran a web site with preconfigured kernel configuration files. I sold that web site. Sadly, up to now, I haven't seen much effort on the part of those who purchased the site in updating or bringing the concept back to life. I have had numerous inquiries, and have decided that one good idea can spawn another. As long as I don't use the "S" word, then I should be right as rain. If not, there's no law against sharing configuration setups that work. 

As it was in the past, these files will be built using the same settings I use to keep my machines in fine working order. As it was in the past, I will entertain the idea of setting up kernels for people, as long as they understand that when I get home from work, chilling is the order of the day, but twenty bucks is twenty bucks. As a friend I used to repair computers with was wont to say, "greasing the hands of technology can help it move along amazingly well." 

These files will be updated on major revisions, only. In other words, the next one coming would be 4.8.0. This version just happens to be 4.7.3 because that is the version I was asked to setup for a user whose inquiry made me decide it was time to get back into what I love: Linux, and having any small part in helping it along. I will only release vanilla versions. They can be used with any and all kernels built upon vanilla through the use of the make oldconfig command. I am not planning on having a dedicated page, either. I will post the files here, and possibly also at Funtoo, although I haven't made my mind up on that one yet. Working on custom kernel sources is right out. Part of what burned me out the last time was keeping up with every change in so many different kernel packages. My internet situation also does not allow for much in the way of high speeds. Therefore vanilla-source and only vanilla-source configurations will be done. You can do the fine-grained stuff on custom sources on your own.
